What do I want to learn or understand better?

Input from the stakeholder has been a valuable asset in not only simulating a real world scenario but also in giving their more objective opinion on
the product and it's value/flaws. The other froms of KPI have also been an asset in accessing performance and since we are on schedule satisfaction
in a job well done. Concerning the team reflection KPI we gain more of an understanding in where each members difficulties or successes were which 
will hopefully lead to a more understanding and knowledgable team. Next sprint I would like to learn how to sort a list with regards to weight in c#.
I have some idea how to do this given the sorting tools we are using at the moment however I would like to be certain that this implementation works
and is good. I will do this by researching ways of sorting a list based with regards to weight and trying to code and test my solution.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

The collection and usage of KPI has been going well. Some team members came up with a good method for a team reflection KPI which we are currently using. 
I would like to try and share my knowledge with the team regarding the sorting mechanisms I am researching next sprint. I will do this either by discussing
the issue with the team that is implementing the sorting function and/or showing them how it works and why during the code review.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

The workflow has been smooth overall. Some issues will always arise however we are proactive in adressing them. I believe I am helping the project flow nicely by being
communicative and active during the meetings and if team members have questions. As the PO I continue to provide and present the KPIs to the team during the planning
session and by keeping the value and result of the user stories in mind while approving them. I want to be more active in establishing new user stories to be presented
to the team since they are something the stakeholder and the team has been requesting while moving towards a finished product. This will be accomplished by me having
taking upon me the responsibility to write these until next planning session. 
 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

I am more pleased with my efforts this week. I completed 3 user stories and helped others merge solutions to reduce redundant code. Next week I would like to keep
my efforts up and help begin to finalize the product. I will accomplish this by searching for ways the product seems incomplete or a bit inefficient and discussing 
and fixing this with the team along with my regular allocated work.
