What do I want to learn or understand better?

The sorting is now available for all of our specified sorting variables and works well. In the coming week we will present our product and we have completed
the MVP so it should be ready to be shown. I would like understand which points of the product and project we should present to our colleagues. I will refer to
the slides from the last lecture in order to understand what should be included in the presentation and plan the presentation with the group during next week.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

Last week I wanted to gain more user stories from the stakeholder to improve our flexibility however they could not find any features that they wanted to include. 
I and the team therefore brainstormed ideas on what features to add during the sprint and came up with some ideas building upon already completed user
stories. It would probably have helped for us to have a stakeholder with actual stake in the product to more realistically simulate and therefore learn skills
which could be applied to future projects. Given the situation however, I believe the team and i are making the best of the simulated project to learn flexibility
that would occur from a stakeholder by focusing on a features value when prioritizing user stories instead of what seems to be simpler. When writing the report and
structuring the presentation next week I would like to put some focus on retrospection so that the team as a whole will be reminded of missteps and successes of 
the project in order to understand and internalize expereiences that may be useful during future projects.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

I acted as a Scrum master again this week and the discussion and implemention of new user stories went well. At the moment our meetings are flowing smoothly
and pitfalls are communicated and solved to the best of our ability before heading into development. The deliverables are completed by all members and meetings 
discuss all elements that are required. Something I considered is what would happen if our team size was larger or the deliverables greater in amount. The way we
are doing things now follow the strucutre and members can hold eachother accountable for each deliverable. If the team would have gotten larger or the deliverables 
greater some are bound to be forgotten or fall through organizational cracks. I would in this case want to document all delivarbles more thoroughly in order to minimize
mistakes. While most of our actual deliverables are documented in trello parts like the Individual/team reflection and KPI creation are not and while this works
since these tasks are expected and have preallocated responsibility in a larger group with more tasks it would help to document all delivables with signed
responsibility. In the next week I will practice this by adding these undocumented deliverables as cards in trello and discuss during the planning meeting

 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

This week the user story I was allocated was not as complicated as I predicted. After being done I offered my help if anyone wanted it however no one had any part
in their user story that required help. Next week I would like to have a usefull presentation and a majority of the final report done. I will complete these parts
by having more substantial meetings and less development time allocated only to small features/ fixes. Monday to Wednesday will be focused on the presentation
and the rest of the week to the report. If the presentation is done sooner we will of course begin on the report sooner
