What do I want to learn or understand better?
This week I did get to work a little with the Html part of the coding. Though a lot of the 
functionality is bound within the structure of the ASP.NET framework we are using for our 
application. I managed to implement the functionality I needed, after a lot of struggling. 
To be honest it’s a very messy structure and I hope to find better alternatives for future 
projects(A). As we are getting closer to the end of the project I wish to revisit all the 
information about Agile team working that we have gotten the last few weeks, to understand 
it even better (B). Next week i will revisit the course information and literature.(A->B)

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
The last few sprints I have been working a lot with the ‘CompareListModel’, the model class 
of our project. I am quite proud of the stability and clear structure of the class. I hope 
that this gives my teammates some hints they didn’t already know. (A) I could try to share 
my insights in passing values from view to model with the team (B). Next week we will iron 
out kinks that has to do with this and more. (A->B)

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
Being present and active during all meetings of the week is helping to focus and propel the 
team. In the Friday meeting I helped out with updating the GIT repository in a good way. We 
are all helping each other to write the team reflections.(A). Next week I will refresh my 
knowledge about Scrum and share it with the team. (B)(A->B). 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I completed the sorting function and even made it better than expected. Sorting information 
is now written out for easier use, and the possibility to sort by both ascending and descending 
order was implemented. Also of course the sorting function itself was redeveloped, improved 
and implemented(A). Next week we will widen the scope of the project just a little bit, to 
make it even better. All the basic functionality is there, but still some things could work even 
better(B) We will discuss the most important modifications in next weeks Monday meeting(A->B)
