What do I want to learn or understand better?
In the coming weeks I would like to learn how to use the scrum framework to efficiently develop a product while in a group. At the moment I have a basic understanding of how things are supposed to work however the pitfalls of the framework and the major benefits still seem theoretical. To gain a real understanding how and when to use the scrum framework in the coming weeks I will experience scrum first hand throughout the project while listening to the experiences of my team members.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
At the moment the project has yet to begin and therefore no real assistance has been needed by any team member. In the future I would like to not only be of use to the team if there is anything that is lacking in their understanding of a subject but also looking for help myself from the team when needed. Teaching a member on a topic not only deepens the knowledge of the recipient but may also lead to the teacher discovering knowledge that they may be lacking. It is of utmost importance to be patient while both learning and teaching in order to facilitate a smooth experience.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
During the week we as a team decided on some rules to follow in order to not only follow the scrum framework but also to more efficiently work as a group. These rules are a good baseline for what to expect from each person however since scrum is a new concept for the team we will most likely have to build upon these when issues arise. Working to flesh out these rules should be a goal for the team. Being observant of issues and friction that may occur while working within the scrum framework should be actively pursued.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Setting up a preliminary plan for meetings with team members has been completed and should be sufficient for the near future. Each member shared when they would be available during the week and a schedule was formed. In the future we will begin forming ideas of products and assessing the feasibility of these for when development begins. I should therefore research what tools are required for the project and the UN goals to be able to come up with ideas during the next week.
