What do I want to learn or understand better?

The division of responsibilities during the sprint was made quite simple due to the planning we put in beforehand during the planning meetings. While we may have 
been slow to choose which user stories should be completed during the sprint once we made the goal was clear. It helped quite a bit by collectively discussing what
priority should be placed on each user story based on dependencies and working towards our MVP. The effort estimation was also quite helpful in estimating how much
effort the team had assigned to a task. It not only gave it context but I also felt quite content in knowing what level of effort and therefore quality
was expected of me. Next sprint I would like further cement our work pipeline from planning, developing and completing user stories. While the week went well 
there was some uncertainty in exactly how the workflow was supposed work. This week we came up with a structure that worked and I would like for us to stick to
that structure until we see issues with it. I feel that this will lead to us being more comfortable in our resposibilities during the sprint since we can predict 
what and when things are expected of us.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

From an organizational point of view I and the team have been flexible in solving the issues arising from working on the project. This has been valuable 
in moving the project along however due to unforseen circumstances the buffer to the deadline was shortened. While this was not an issue during the week
it is worth to keep this experience in mind in order to actively minimize stress and increase efficiency. As the designated PO for the project I would like to
be helpful to the team in their mission to be better at working in groups concerning multiple people working on modules independently. 
More specifically I would like to scrutinize and discuss acceptance criteria in the next sprint such that possible missteps arising from them lacking
are minimized or solved. 


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

Our use of scrum has been working seemingly well. I have been vocal in raising concerns when I find that there are any or questions or solutions if I have any.
Next week I am the scrum master and would like to hold efficient meetings and handle the team members issues if there are any. Solving issues will require 
me to be proactive in finding and tackling those issues and listening to the team when they are voiced. Efficient meetings should be handled by me having some idea
of a plan for each meeting and communicating this itinerery to the team once in session. Team members should also be able to add to the itinerary if they find 
I have missed an important point.
 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

I have been active in both discussing and developing the deliverables. As a team we have confirmed an overall structure for the timeline of each sprint which will
probably be more and more helpful and understood given iterations. For the project I developed the list system and basic structure. Implementation with the 
website went smoothly and now that we have a functioning core website more user stories can be worked on in parallel. Next week I would like to develop how 
to use the vehicle database we have received to fill this list with real cars and hopefully sort them according to our criteria if the team estimates that there 
is enough time to complete this within the next sprint. Researching and brushing up on json deserializing and sorting algorithms to be used on the website 
is therefore something I have to do next sprint.
