What do I want to learn or understand better?
Everything seems more concrete than the previous week. We had a member drop out on us, which was unfortunate, but my overall understanding 
of the team and the project have improved drastically.(A) We will in the coming week start the project where I wish to understand more 
about how we should apply scrum in the most effective way.(B) This should be done with clear communtication of who does what and that will
most likely be done over Discord and Trello as a backlog.(A->B)

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I have learned that only some has experience with web application development.(A) As I have done an application like this before where I called 
an API, I believe my knowlege in this matter should be rather useful for the entire team.(B) Though given what I know of my team members, they
seem to have quite some experience in other places. I will learn as much from them as they might learn from me. :) Being helpful in cases where 
I or my team does not understand something is something that should be communicated. (A->B)


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
As we have not really started using scrum due to us only just finnished the idea of what we should make, I cannot say what exactly that is. 
However, we have already selected scrum masters in a order of one person peer week, so we all can have an oppertunity to experience it. (A) 
Though more planning of who does what needs to be done,(B) this will most likely happen during the coming week. (A->B)

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
During this week we have planned what we should do and in what way we could manage to do it. This, all of us as a team have contributed
towards as most meetings we were able to plan and effectivly research together.(A) I wish to next week be able to start development promptly
and have all of our delivirables allocated to each member(B) This should be a quite natural process at the start of the week though :) (A->B)
