What do I want to learn or understand better?
The group as a whole has been able to be quite flexible due to us being concrete in when all of the members are available in the week.
Since almost all members are on different schedules this time management aspect has been a necessity and is working quite well at the moment.
In the coming week we should begin development of the project and I would like to learn how to efficiently divide the responsibilities of the development.
To divide responsabilities well we should perform effort evaluations of the deliverables ahead and plan where we should place our efforts next sprint during the
planning meeting

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I and the team have been proactive our approach to the deliverables in each week of the course. 
A plan has been set beforehand and executed with time to spare before the deadline leading to a comfortable and therefore more valuable experience.
This level of forethought is something that will leave a buffer of time wherein knowledge can be transferred within the team without stress.
I will continue to be proactive in the planning phase and leaving a buffer for unforseen circumstances to occur which should continue to benefit
our overall learning experience.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
We have been doing well in the communication aspect of scrum. Each member has been informed of tasks needed to be completed
and informed the team when they are available to complete these tasks. I have followed the general rules set by the social contract but I 
have not been able to find rooms for improvement of it. Improvements will likely be necessary and easier to find once development kicks off.
More generally I have tried to be aware of the scrum framework and steer the group in a direction where it is in mind and useful for our workflow.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Our project scope has now been decided and should conform to the course requirements. 
I have been researching different ways to gain access to technical specifications of 
vehicles in a timely manner however only one solution was deemed to be feasible. I have also been active during 
team meetings hopefully leading to more productive meetings. Next week I would like to begin development 
while staying active in the communication with the team. Since next week is the first week of development we will
set a structure to follow during the planning meeting for the first time and getting this right should set us up for
a smooth journey towards our mvp.
