What do I want to learn or understand better?

The workflow we tried during the week was a success. Estimation of the user stories was mostly correct however one user story took a lot longer than
was originally thought leading to us not being able to complete another. Next week I would like to learn how to create valuable KPI to our team. The
varaibles needed for a burn-up chart should be documented and ready for use. A demo for the stakeholder has been sent and their input will be collected 
during the weekend.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

The acceptance criteria has been working well however I would still like to continually evaluate them during the planning meetings.
At the moment the team feels as though we are on track to complete our product in good time. I would like to show them the burn-up chart in order
to more objectively evaluate how much work is left and how we are progressing. I will be amassing our KPI during the weekend and presenting them
during the next sprints planning meeting. I will then inform them how and with which tools they were made so that they also may gain some insight
into these procedures.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

I have acted as the scrum master during the sprint and I believe that the team has kept on track and my help has been available when they should need
it. Next week I should take more of a backseat during meetings to allow the new scrum master to experience those responsibilities. While this does not mean
me being less communicative I should allow for the scrum master to drive the meetings forward.
 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

During the week I implemented a user story concerning custom error pages for our website. I was therefore not involved with the deserializing of JSON.
Next week I would like to take user stories with a larger amount of total estimated effort. While I was in line with what should have been the required effort
the issues with JSON deserializing led to two members taking on more effort than was estimated. I would therefore like to take on a larger amount of effort so that
that not only I stay in line with the average but also stay on track with how much effort I believe should be fair. 
