What do I want to learn or understand better?

I have gained more of an understanding in how we could sort our list yet and shown it to the person developing the sorting functions. While it worked
on the test cases it was not quite generic enough to work flawlessly on all types of required sort values and more research will be done next sprint to
adapt or expand the solution to more types so that we can have sorting to suit all our needed types.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

I have shown my example solution to the member implementing sorting. Since we should be done with all of our backlogged features next week I will try to 
coax the simulated shareholder into giving me more ideas (read work). This should continue to allow the teams skill concerning flexibility to increase
as now we hopefully have more tasks not thought of by ourselves therefore having an implicit context of the use case of the features. This will also test
my ability in conveying these features to the team and my ability in finding relevant context and criteria for the feature from the stakeholder.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

The newly added user stories creation and implementation went well. The user stories themselves I believe were written and chosen well enough
to provide necessary context to the teams developing each and the results were in line with not only how I believe they should look but also 
how the team felt when they were discussed and altered during the meeting. Choosing acceptance criteria is something I will have to improve upon 
since more specificity might be needed in certain parts. For example I wrote that a filter should be able to be applied to the list however it
would help if the variables would be stated in the acceptance criteria. Next sprint while working to create new user stories I will keep this 
in mind to give even more clarity to developers on what is expected.
 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

I completed a user story during the week and merged it with the others work.
During the week I have been looking through the code and how it works more thoroughly and found that the debug mode was slowing down the product immensely.
Switching to release mode instead improved all aspects of speed significantly and alleviated worries that I and the team had that the website may be too slow.
This was a trivial fix and a more knowledgable web developer would have spotted this instantly however in this instances it shows that the work of looking through
code from a larger perspective and researching already completed work may have a significant positive impact on the product as a whole. Issues like this
may still exist and looking through the products code for inefficiencies or incomplete features not covered by the user stories is something I will continue to
do during next sprint to hopefully leave customers and the stakeholder even more satisfied.
