What do I want to learn or understand better?
The Git workflow is better every time. I have learnt which files are needed for a 
successful merge. This week I finalized the filtering function for the result list, 
and it was all done in C#, which, as I hoped, expanded my confidence in the language. 
At the end of the sprint the filtering function had to be connected to the actual 
buttons on the webpage, which was a lot harder, since it had to be done in Html.(A).
Html is still a weak point of mine and is the area where i would still like to expand 
my knoweledge (B). Next sprint I will try to work out the kinks that are still present 
in the sorting of the list, and connect this to the Html frontpage, further developing 
my understanding of the process(A->B)

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
It’s getting hard to figure out something that I can teach the team, since it’s been 
quite a few weeks now, and we’ve already shared so many insights with eachother. Still 
I’m hoping that my structuring of the code is of benefit to the whole team. (A) 
Hopefully next weeks user story will allow me to find new solutions that i can tell the 
others (B) We will see what I get to take on next week. (A->B)

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
This week I was scrum master. I tried to make sure that everyone got to express their 
needs and make their wishes heard. Going through the necessary points for each meeting. 
I feel it worked well. It wasn't a hard assignment since all team members are very good 
at team working(A). I now have a really hard time figuring out anything new to add here, 
since it’s all going very smooth (B).(A->B). 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I completed the filtering function of the homepage. The user is now able to filter on 
multiple variables at the same time, such as brands, acceleration, available seats and so on.(A). 
One thing that is still lacking for the MVP is the sorting of the results. It is sorted 
by Co2 emissions as a standard, but this should be expanded to more sorting choices next 
week(B). I will try to take on this functionality for next week!(A->B)
